media controlled by Hamas citing medical
officials say at least 27 people have
been killed and dozens more wounded in
an Israeli strike in the central Gaza
Strip there has been no confirmation yet
from gaza's Health Ministry the attack
hit a United Nations School in the city
of nerat the Israeli Army says it
conducted a strike on a Hamas compound
inside the school as it expands
operations in the central part of the
strip
for more of this I'm now joined by DW's
Rebecca rits in Jerusalem Rebecca what's
the latest on this
strike well uh the the news the
information is slowly emerging Gad
reports uh overnight in the early hours
of the morning started appearing of
about this strike saying from quoting as
you say Hamas uh media officials saying
that 27 people had been killed in a
strike at this unra school uh We've also
heard from Health officials at the alaxa
hospital saying that 30 bodies including
five children were brought to the
hospital and many more are wounded so
that death toll May well rise I've also
seen a figure of 32 but it's of course
impossible to verify any of these
figures at the moment um shortly after
that news came out Israel did then
confirm a a strike at the school they
said they'd been targeting quote Hamas
terrorists who were uh operating from
within that School Compound those So-Cal
terrorists um were take to took part in
the October 7 attacks is what the
military was saying and that they were
planning uh to carry out further attacks
on IDF soldiers in the immediate future
uh the IDF also said that a number of
steps were taken to reduce the risk of
uh harming uninvolved civilians now this
strike follows an announcement earlier
yesterday from the Israeli military
saying that they were beginning a wider
operation in this central part of the
Gaza Strip we know that since completing
uh their operations there earlier in the
year they have now be restarted some
targeted operations in the center of the
strip and also in the north of the Gaza
Strip but they're certainly widening
that operation uh in this central part
where noat is located and where this
strike took place
overnight now what are the prospects of
of continuing ceasefire talks between
Hamas and
Israel well uh the talks certainly all
the hope that was surrounding the
potential breakthrough that was
announced last week by uh President
Biden or certainly as he was dubbing at
the Israel uh the Israel part of this
these peace talks or these ceasefire
talks uh look to be stalled once again
we've heard from the Hamas leader Ismael
hania yesterday uh saying that no talks
would be even entered into they would
not consider a ceasefire deal that did
not lead to a permanent ceasefire we've
heard time and time again from the
Israeli government from prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu himself that they
would not go into any ceasefire plan
that led to permanent ceasefire without
completing their military mission of uh
completely eliminating Hamas so we once
again fa El face this sort of stalemate
that we keep seeing that there is a gap
that cannot be bridged between the two
sides and it really really all surrounds
over this concept of the permanent
ceasefire so certainly looking not very
positive that at the moment talks were
continuing yesterday CIA Chief Bill
Burns was also in Qatar to continue
these talks there were mediators the
usual mediators there from Qatar Egypt
and the us to try to further these talks
but at the moment they are at a
standstill once
again DWS Rebecca it is there reporting
from Jerusalem thank you Rebecca